.\" Man Page for cafe-volume-control
.TH CAFE-VOLUME-CONTROL 1 "20 February 2014" "CAFE Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
\fBcafe-volume-control\fR \- The CAFE Volume Control application
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B cafe-volume-control [OPTIONS]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The CAFE Volume Control application is an audio mixer that enables you to mix audio and adjust volume levels of various audio mixer devices on your system.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-b, \-\-backend=pulse|alsa|oss|null\fR
Launch \fBcafe\-volume\-control\fR with the selected sound system backend.
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-debug\fR
Enable debugging code.
.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-page=effects|hardware|input|output|applications\fR
Launch \fBcafe\-volume\-control\fR on the specified page/tab.
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-display=DISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Print standard command line options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-all\fR
Print all command line options.
.TP
This program also accepts the standard CTK+ options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-ctk\fR
Print CTK+ options.
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
http://github.com/cafe-desktop/cafe-media/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Manual Page has been written for the CAFE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS
CAFE Volume Control documentation can be found by clicking the "Help" button, or by pressing the F1 key. 
Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.cafe-desktop.org/docs
